all right hey what's up everybody this
is going to be a quick video on how to
pair a bluetooth keyboard with your
Apple TV now this can work on the Apple
TV 2nd generation or 3rd generation and
it must be updated to the newest
firmware that's going to be five point
two five point two point one or it might
also say six point three or six point
three point one these are the updates
that are available to be able to use the
Bluetooth feature so if you haven't done
that you can update through iTunes or
through the settings menu and this is
how you do it you go to the settings
menu on your Apple TV you're going to go
to general and then click on Bluetooth
now it's an essay searching so this
works with any Bluetooth keyboard some
of your devices will be different I'm
using a general generic keyboard it cost
like maybe fourteen dollars on Amazon
you know I didn't need an extensive one
to you know use with my Apple TV so I
turn it on and then on this one has a
connect button or a pair button years
might have a pair button or just might
automatically search but it showed up
and it shows keyboard so I'm going to go
ahead and hit enter on that it's in a
safe pairing and it says enter the
pairing code on the Bluetooth keyboard
then press the return key so my numbers
are 0 3 3 3 I'm going to go ahead and
hit enter and boom there you go the
Bluetooth keyboard is connected now this
is going to make it a lot easier while
you're searching for videos and stuff
instead of typing for thing
things right on your small aluminum
remote you're gonna be able to do it
with a keyboard now saving you a bunch
of time so let's load up YouTube real
quick and let's search for something
just to see how fast it is so normally
when you don't have a keyboard you have
to go through here and kind of locate
letters and type them in it takes
forever but I'm going to just go ahead
and type something in so I'm going to go
awesome oops
awesome soccer goals and that is how
fast it popped up I will put a link in
the description to the Bluetooth
keyboard that I'm using it works great
and it's extremely cheap you know if you
don't want to spend a lot of money on
this if you liked this video click the
like button and also if you haven't yet
subscribed to my channel as I have a lot
of random videos like this about tech
and basically anything we'll see you
next time